Add doc for fast tune (#10487) (#10528)
pingcap/docs: grafana-tikv-dashboard.md

    - raw_delete: The command of deleting a key/value pair
    - raw_batch_delete: The command of a batch of key/value pairs
    - raw_delete_range: The command of deleting a range of data

## TiKV-FastTune dashboard

If performance issues of TiKV occur, such as QPS jitter, latency jitter, and latency increasing trend, you can check the **TiKV-FastTune** dashboard. This dashboard contains a set of panels that help you with diagnostics, especially when the write workload in your cluster is medium or large.

> When write-related performance issues occur, you can first check the TiDB dashboard, and **TiKV latency** panel of the **TiDB Summary** dashboard in Grafana. If the issues are at the storage side, open the **TiKV-FastTune** page, browse and check every panel on it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When write-related performance issues occur, you can first check the TiDB-related dashboards. If the issues are at the storage side, open the **TiKV-FastTune** page, browse and check every panel on it.
```
